No... No!
No! Listen, you still have one last chance
before you do something irredeemable.
Like any other akumatized villain,
once you transform back,
you'll forget everything you've seen,
including the things
you wrote in that notebook.
So, don't read it
and everything will be okay.
Huh?
No! No! Don't read it!
This is the end.
Booya! My guard captures your general!
Empress in check.
You're about to lose again, mini me!
Come on! It's like you know my every move
- ahead of time!
- Of course I do.
I'm who you'll be in a few years.
I know what you're about to do
because I've done it before.
And I'm both of you but older.
I've gone through everything
you're going through,
which means I know how angry
this defeat is gonna make you.
Check mate, girls!
Come on!
We're now at Alex age 15: zero wins,
Alex age 25: zero wins,
and Alex age 70: 12,123 wins!
Playing with you is no fun, Granny me!
Really? 'Cause I love playing with you!
One day, I'll look into the future
to watch your moves,
then I'll be the winner.
You'll be cheating!
You don't mess with the timeline
just for fun, mini me.
Interfering with events...
Can have serious consequences.
That's right. When you're trying
to solve a problem,
don't go and cause more problems.
So, who's up for another round?
Huh?
Looks like there won't be time.
Yup, it just started.
What just started? What's happening?
The end, mini me.
The end of time.
What? What in the hop is going on?
Don't worry, if we managed
to get out of this,
you will too.
And what am I supposed to do exactly?
If we told you, we'd be cheating.
A little heads up would have been nice!
Okay, think, Alex. Think.
Okay, they must have disappeared
because something was changed
in the course
of history, something
that makes me not exist
in the near future.
So, the beginning is still the same.
Marinette receives
the Miraculous of the Ladybug,
Adrien gets the Miraculous of the Cat,
and becomes Cat Noir
while she becomes Ladybug.
That same day, they meet,
but Marinette can't bring herself
to tell Adrien she loves him.
And anyway, Adrien
is smitten with Ladybug.
They fight Monarch,
the bearer of
the Miraculous of the Butterfly,
but what they don't know is that...
Dark wings, fall.
Behind the supervillain's mask
is actually Gabriel Agreste,
Adrien's father,
and he wants to get his hands on
the Miraculous to make a wish.
Time passes, a long time.
Ah! Marinette and Adrien kiss!
Finally! Gee!
But they still have no idea that
they're Ladybug and Cat Noir,
and then Gabriel Agreste
is sending his son
to London to protect him
right before he akumatizes
the whole world to defeat
Ladybug and Cat Noir.
Mrs. Tsurugi, his ally,
has done the same
with her daughter, Kagami.
Nothing's changed.
This is when Ladybug gets proof
that Gabriel Agreste
is Monarch, that hasn't changed either.
Next, Bugnoire defeats Monarch
and takes down the Miraculous
of the Butterfly.
Ultimate blunder!
Come on, faster!
Where is it? That's how it happened
and how it's still happening,
so far nothing's wrong.
Gabriel makes his wish,
history's still on course.
What's going on?
Why is there nothing?
There's nothing left! Nothing at all!
Hey! What?
I scrolled too fast.
I must have missed something.
Okay, we have a huge problem.
We have a live report
from Clara Contard
who is flying in our helicopter
above Paris.
Can you confirm everything's over?
Yes, Nadja, we just saw
Ladybug's magic ladybugs fly by.
All the damage has been repaired.
This nightmare is finally over.
That's excellent news,
bound to make
the people of Paris and,
I'm sure, the world
feel better.
Stay with us, we'll be back
after a quick news recap.
Hello and welcome if you're tuning in now.
Today's main event is, of course,
the unprecedented chaos
our entire world was just plunged into.
We still don't know
how any of this was possible,
but it turns out supervillain Monarch
had successfully akumatized
every single Alliance ring owner.
If you meant
what you said earlier,
then we both want the same thing.
We want Adrien to be happy.
Billions of people
were Miraculized.
That's nearly the entire world population
appointed evil super powers
in order to capture Ladybug and Cat Noir.
Power of any nature
should only be used
for the greater good,
but we can think and work out
a solution on our own human scale,
even though it won't be
as perfect as we want it to be.
Spots and claws, away!
Luckily,
Ladybug saved not only Paris
but the whole world too.
Marinette, make sure
that Adrien never knows
about the villain that I was
but instead that he remembers the times
I tried to be a good father.
This time, more than ever, Ladybug,
we thank you.
So, it's over?
Yes.
Over over?
Over over.
But Adrien...
cannot find out.
You're blinded by love, Marinette,
but if this is your wish...
I'll honor it.
There's still one last problem.
Your mother, Kagami.
She was Monarch's accomplice.
She put the world in danger.
Normally, I should bring her to justice,
but I don't want to make you suffer.
If she has nothing else to lose anymore,
she could admit everything
and reveal that Gabriel Agreste
was Monarch.
And Adrien would find out
about his father.
Adrien changed when he tried
to confront his father,
and I've changed since I met you.
Everyone can change. My mother as well.
I'll talk to her.
You sure?
Let me at least try.
Catacl...
Ladybug?
My father's not here?
Why aren't you saying anything?
Your father...
Your father was...
was...
a hero.
Your father was a hero.
The truth is...
Monarch was forcing your father
and Mrs. Tsurugi to work for him.
He forced them to design
the alliance rings
in order to turn the entire world
against me and Cat Noir.
If they said no.
Monarch threatened to go after you
and Kagami.
I saw your ladybugs fly by,
which means you defeated Monarch.
I did face him.
In your home. He...
He had taken Nathalie
and your father hostage,
and I fought as hard as I could,
but... he was too mighty,
and Monarch had too many powers,
too many Miraculous.
He severely injured me.
I couldn't stop him from taking
the Miraculous of the Ladybug
and the Black Cat.
Monarch was about to make a wish
and that's...
when your father...
That's when your father became a hero.
At the last minute,
your father pounced on Monarch,
seized the Miraculous,
and made a wish in his place.
He saved Nathalie's life and mine
in exchange for Monarch's life
and his own.
Why didn't you save him?
Even if something had happened
to him, aren't your magic ladybugs
supposed to repair everything?
This is impossible! You have to be wrong!
I swear I tried everything.
If he hadn't locked me in here,
I could've saved him.
Believe me, there's nothing
you could have done.
Dad...
That's why your father had sent you
and Kagami here to London,
to protect you.
I'm so sorry.
There was no good way
of telling you all of this.
But I wanted to be the one to say it
before you found out some other way.
I'm...
I'm so...
so sorry, Adrien.
- I...
- Thank you, Ladybug.
Surely, you have
many other things to deal with.
Yes.
Ladybug, can you
explain what really happened?
The fight took
place at Gabriel Agreste...
Is there a
connection between Mr. Agreste
- and Monarch?
- The man who went
by Hawk Moth, Shadow Moth,
and lastly Monarch,
had forced Mr. Gabriel Agreste
and Mrs. Tsurugi
to design the Alliance rings.
He planned to Miraculize the entire world
in order to seize the Miraculous
of the Ladybug and the Black Cat.
But why was he after
your Miraculous?
- Haven't got a clue.
- Ladybug,
you defeated Monarch,
which means you uncovered
who he was beneath the mask, right?
No. We'll never know
about his secret identity,
but thanks to Gabriel Agreste's
heroic sacrifice,
we're finally free from Monarch.
Is it true you
couldn't reclaim the Miraculous
of the Butterfly?
Yes, but...
Did you lose because you had
to face Monarch alone?
I'm sorry, there's nothing more
I can say. Bug out.
Ladybug!
Bug out.
I did the right thing, didn't I?
About what?
Lying to Adrien.
I couldn't tell him
that his father was Monarch.
I had no choice.
You understand, right?
Well...
None of us is
the Kwami of Truth, Marinette.
So, I'm not sure we can answer
your question truthfully.
I lied to Adrien,
and Alya, and the whole world.
I know it was for a good cause,
but I can't help
but feel terrible about it.
Stop thinking and get some rest.
You probably need it.
And you will need it.
What's happening?
Tikki! Plagg!
Someone's making a wish,
but how can anyone
do that without the Miracu...
Cat Noir's ring?
My earrings!
Over here!
Someone's made a wish!
And not just any wish.
This one will reshape the universe
in a way no one's ever seen before.
Uh, why are they all black?
It's like we're at the movies
and the film has ended.
There's nothing more to see.
The end of our universe?
That's a bit dramatic, but yeah.
We'll figure something out
to fix this, don't worry.
But first...
What am I supposed to do with this?
Time travel is always a complex matter.
With this, we'll always know it's you,
present-time Marinette.
I came and grabbed you
at the very last second
of the timeline I had access to.
Good thing a second here in the Burrow
- lasts for a while.
- Which gives us time
to figure out what went wrong earlier.
Yeah, well,
as long as there's a portal left.
But I don't have my earrings,
I won't be any help
without my Miraculous.
You don't have your earrings now,
but you did once.
Of course!
You can't access the future anymore,
but you can still go back in time.
Nailed it! Except...
Don't mess with the timeline
just for fun, mini me.
Interfering with events...
Can have serious consequences.
We've got to be very careful not to mess
with the course of history.
You sound just like adult you.
Ha! No kidding.
I know! There was this one single time
when I renounced my Miraculous.
Nothing will change if I take it
from that specific moment.
I'm listening. Tell me where
and when.
If Cat Noir can't capture the Akumas,
then just find another Ladybug,
I told you I'm not cut out to be Ladybug.
I'm sorry, Tikki.
No, don't do that!
Tikki?
I'm really sorry, Tikki.
Marinette!
- Breakfast is ready!
- Coming.
Did you see how that new superhero
fought against the stone monster?
Oh, that was something!
What's her name again?
Ladybug.
You look so gloomy, Marinette.
Did supervillain Hawk Moth
- scare you?
- Don't worry, sweetheart.
I'm sure that young Ladybug
will fix everything.
Yeah, sure, Dad.
Whoa, I feel like that was,
like, ten years ago.
Marinette? But... When are we?
We're at a point in time where someone
stole my Miraculous.
We need to figure out who, when, and how.
Then I'll bring you back to the Marinette
that you just met. That is, if I succeed.
I'm sure you will succeed.
I hope you're right. Tikki...
Spots on!
Yeah!
Ah! Isn't this a bit... flashy?
Not at all, I love it!
Let's check the timeline
once again, Chronobug.
- There!
- Where? I didn't see anything.
Go back a bit! Slowly...
Stop!
There!
Look!
Is that a ghost?
There's no such thing as ghosts.
Okay, stop. We've seen enough.
Go back some more,
right before the ghost shows up.
Shall we?
No, you stay here.
What if the ghost
managed to seize my Miraculous
and yours? Then things
would really be over.
We can stay in contact.
All right, good luck, Chronobug.
Watch out! Here they come!
Ah!
Hm?
Ugh! There's nothing I can do
against a ghost!
- You faced
a similar villain before.
Troublemaker!
Lucky charm!
How am I supposed to catch a ghost
with a calendar?
Maybe the villain's allergic
to dates?
No! No! No!
Ah!
A butterfly?
Bunnyx!
The ghost must be an akumatized villain!
Created by someone who got their hands
on the Butterfly Miraculous.
And someone who knows who I really am!
The wish!
- Let's go back.
- It's pointless.
We can chase that villain all we want,
but we'll never catch up to them.
We can't even touch them!
So... what?
Is this the end?
No. Nothing's over
till we've tried everything.
We may not be able to find them,
but there must be a way to stop them
from finding me.
- What do you mean?
- The reason why
this akumatized villain was able
to steal the Miraculous from me
was because they knew my secret identity,
but if we can stop them
from finding out who I am...
Then they'll have no way of attacking you!
- Precisely.
- Now we just have to figure out
how your secret was uncovered.
I can only think
of one possible moment.
During my final battle against Monarch.
You mean when
Gabriel Agreste became a hero?
Sorry, that wasn't funny.
Wait! Hold on!
I could retrieve the Miraculous
of the Butterfly
and everything would be back to normal.
I'm not gonna lie.
It was an ultimate blunder
and it's gonna haunt you for
a long time, but it's too late.
If you did that now, you'd
change the course of history,
- and like adult me would say
- When you're trying
to solve a problem, don't go
and cause more problems.
You're right, you and other you.
Let's stick to figuring out who discovered
Marinette is Ladybug.
- Nooroo, bring me...
- Stop!
Go back just a little.
Careful.
There!
Maybe they're the one
who took the Miraculous
of the Butterfly. Go back some more.
That's how they found out who I am.
Veno...
If you meant what you said earlier,
then we both want the same thing.
We want Adrien to be happy.
There's no such thing as a perfect wish.
Every time the power is used
for personal gain,
it causes disasters.
Power of any nature should only
be used for the greater good,
but we can think and work
out a solution on our own
human scale,
even though it won't be as perfect
as we want it to be.
Spots and claws away.
Let it roll. I need to figure out
what they want.
- This is impossible!
- Marinette, don't trust him.
Venom!
I already have my solution, Marinette.
Gimmi,
reveal yourself!
I am Gimmi, the Kwami of Reality.
Gabriel, no! Don't do this!
Marinette, make sure
that Adrien never knows
about the villain that I was, but instead
that he remembers the times
I tried to be a good father.
What do you wish for?
Read my heart.
What do you sacrifice?
Read my soul.
So be I.
What did Gabriele Agreste wish for?
He gave up his life.
In return for Nathalie's,
knowing she was gravely ill.
He did that?
Tikki, Plagg, unify!
I'm not here to fight.
I was expecting to find Gabriel here.
Not you.
I should have stopped him.
Years ago.
I'm not like him, Marinette.
I tried to save him.
I tried to reason with him
for Adrien's sake.
Surely, we could have worked out
a solution together,
and now Adrien no longer has a father,
all because of me.
Adrien is all alone, all because of me!
What did you want to do?
The wish, I should have made
the wish for Adrien.
And what would you have sacrificed?
Myself.
By rekindling what was
still good in Gabriel Agreste,
you saved us all.
Besides, Adrien isn't all alone.
He has you.
And you too.
The Kwamis, where are the Kwamis?
Follow me.
Wow, like we need another supervillain.
They're not another supervillain.
Huh? How do you know?
Because they wrote everything
down in a notebook.
- And?
- If they were just
any akumatized villain,
they'd only need to tell what they saw
to the new Hawk Moth,
who would then send
a new akumatized villain
after me to steal the Miraculous.
- Makes sense.
- But they had
to write everything down
because they knew
that they wouldn't remember
once they transformed back,
so they needed to keep a record
of what they saw
because they're operating all alone
without having anyone
to share information with.
Are you saying that...
The superspy and the superghost
are the same person,
the person who retrieved
the Miraculous of the Butterfly.
They gave themselves the power
to uncover your secret,
and then another power
that allowed them to steal
the Miraculous from you.
- Exactly!
- Wow.
And you figured this out just by seeing
the notebook, Detective Bug?
Elementary, my dear Bunnyx.
Now, go back in time to right before
I detransform in front of Gabriel Agreste.
We are gonna stop them from finding out
I'm Ladybug.
Veno...
If you meant what you said earlier,
then we both want the same thing.
We want Adrien to be happy.
There's no such thing as a perfect wish.
Every time the power is used
for personal gain,
it causes disasters.
Power of any nature should only
be used for the greater good,
but we can think and work out
a solution on our own
human scale,
even though it won't be as perfect
as we want it to be.
- They got away.
- Maybe, but this time
they did not find out that you're Ladybug.
Except the future isn't back,
which means they'll somehow
figure it out another time.
Let's check where you went next.
The Kwamis, where are the Kwamis?
Follow me.
Ladybug! Ladybug!
She's come to save us all!
Or not.
She's not alone.
It's all over, friends.
You can stop being afraid.
Nathalie is on our side.
What is this?
Mrs. Tsurugi wanted Adrien
and her daughter to be spared
from Monarch's final plan.
That's why they were sent to London.
Mrs. Tsurugi was
Gabriel Agreste's accomplice?
Yes, all along.
Do you know how to set them free?
Ladybug, I'm so happy...
Stop! Turn around.
- There they are!
- They're expecting me
to show up again like I did in the crypt.
We've gotta find the right moment.
Miraculous Bugnoire!
Dad! Dad, do you hear me?
Dad! Dad!
Get me out of here!
We need to figure out
what we're gonna tell Adrien.
Bunnyx, this is the moment.
Are you sure it's the right moment?
It is if we don't want them
to find out I'm Marinette.
Believe me, I remember
what I'm gonna say next,
and it'll be too late after that.
Did Adrien know that you were...
supervillains?
And that his mother was still...
No, of course not. And you?
Did you tell him you're Ladybug?
No! Of course not! Never!
I did hope I'd be able to tell him
once Monarch had been defeated, but...
the way things have turned out.
Until I've gotten the Miraculous
of the Butterfly back,
I can't tell him the truth
about his father.
Marinette can't tell him something
only Ladybug is supposed to know.
Stop! Let's go back in time
and catch them before they know that.
Did Adrien know that you were...
supervillains?
And that his mother was still...
No, of course not. And you?
Did you tell him you're Ladybug?
No! Of course not! Never!
I did hope I'd be able to tell him
once Monarch had been defeated,
but the way things have turned out...
Until I've gotten the Miraculous
of the Butterfly back,
I can't tell him the truth
about his father.
Marinette can't tell him
something only Ladybug
is supposed to know.
It's too late!
They figured out that Marinette
- is Ladybug.
- Let's try once again.
Mrs. Tsurugi was
Gabriel Agreste's accomplice?
Yes, all along.
We got 'em!
Nice little time-traveling
gadget you've got.
Too bad it'll stop working soon
and you'll have to hang with us.
No!
Mrs. Tsurugi wanted Adrien
and her daughter
to be spared from Monarch's final plan.
That's why they were sent to London.
So, they weren't an akumatized villain?
They were, it's just that
the Akuma must be somewhere else.
How about in their notebook?
We've gotta give it another try
and hope that he carried
the akumatized object around.
He or she.
We can do this,
we just need to figure out when
and where they'll reappear next.
It'd make sense for them to
be heading to London after this.
Should we follow them?
Huh?
It's time to tell the truth.
If you do that,
you'll go to jail.
Isn't the truth worth it?
If you tell the truth,
Adrien will have no one left.
He'll have lost his mom,
his dad, you...
He will have you.
It's not the same.
He needs a mother.
I'm not his mother.
You're the closest thing
to a mother he's got.
That's why Gabriel Agreste
sacrificed himself.
It's what finally made him a good father
to Adrien, and that's
what Adrien should remember.
Don't you want to tell Adrien
that his father was Monarch?
The only thing I can fix
is the way Adrien
will remember his father.
But that would be lying to him.
The truth would hurt him so much more,
and for what?
Nothing will repair what happened.
I won't be lying to Adrien.
I'll just tell him half of the truth,
that his father sacrificed himself
so you'd be cured
and there'd be someone left
to take care of him.
This is the truth Adrien needs to know.
We're not supposed to know this.
Ladybug knows.
Ladybug holds the truth.
The whole will know
only what Ladybug will tell it.
Her words will be the truth.
We've got to save the future, Chronobug,
and that's why we need to track down
that mysterious supervillain again.
Right.
Sorry, Bunnyx. You're right.
Where to?
We're going to London
an hour after what we just saw.
Where are they hiding now?
They're here.
Huh? I don't see anything?
The light! When I enter the building,
the light is already on,
which means someone's been here already
a few seconds before me.
They're here, Bunnyx.
They were always here.
All the damage
has been repaired.
This nightmare is finally over.
That's excellent news,
bound to make the people of Paris
and I'm sure the world feel better.
- Stay with us, we'll be back
after a quick news recap.
Cataclysm.
Hm...
We still don't know
how any of this was possible,
but it turns out supervillain Monarch
had successfully akumatized
every single...
How could I have missed this?
You had other things to think about.
Luckily,
Ladybug saved not only Paris
but the whole world too.
This time, more than ever, Ladybug,
we thank you.
So, it's over?
Yes.
Over over?
This time it's over, superspy,
superghost, or should I say
new Hawk Moth?
Ah!
Ya!
You're blinded by love, Marinette,
but if this is your wish, I'll honor it.
Lucky charm!
You're not leaving just yet!
I don't believe this.
They can't just escape again!
Technically speaking,
we could go on like this forever,
but you gotta know
when to stop before it gets
too repetitive, don't you think?
Hand sanitizer?
Oh, yeah, I'm all for hygiene.
"Always wash your hands
before the world ends."
Seriously though, we're toast, right?
Oh, no, not if I find the tools we need.
Hm...
So, this is the ultimate weapon
that's gonna save the universe?
I sure hope so.
Hm!
Agh!
"Mrs. Tsurugi wanted Adrien
"and her daughter to be spared
from Monarch's final plan.
"That's why they were sent to London."
"Marinette Dupain-Cheng
"is Ladybug."
The alcohol in the gel
is dissolving the ink's pigment.
Your forgery is top notch. Good job!
And now, open a portal for me
just before they realize
I took the notebook.
They can never know what happened.
Looking for this?
Missed me! Missed me!
Missed me again.
You're nothing like the former Hawk Moth,
much more clever, clever enough
to not be wearing the Butterfly
Miraculous like that.
But not clever enough.
Wherever or whenever you go,
I'll be there,
standing in your way,
and I can promise you this,
I will figure out who you are,
and I'll take
the Butterfly Miraculous back.
Ah!
Now it's the end for real.
No! No! No!
Listen, you still have one last chance
before you do something irredeemable,
so don't read it
and everything will be okay.
No! No! No!
Don't read it!
Hm... Huh?
Gabriel Agreste is Ladybug?
That's not possible.
Gabriel Agreste is dead.
Gabriel Agreste cannot be Ladybug.
Why did I write that?
Did something go wrong
with my plan?
No! No!
No!
It didn't work! It didn't work!
Huh?
They gave up.
They finally realized
there's no beating you!
Not bad, mini me.
And well done, mini bug.
Come on, you know that's not
what we say at the end.
Pound it!
Good.
- Bunnyx, what are we gonna do?
- About what?
With this new Hawk Moth,
it might be too risky
if you come back to the present.
Oh, no, does this mean
that I have to keep exploring time?
Riding dinosaurs?
Witnessing humans walking on Mars.
What a shame!
Now go!
Say, Bunnyxs,
I know you can't tell me about the future
so we don't mess up the course
of history and all,
but can you at least tell me
if I was right to hide the truth
from Adrien
about his father in order to protect him?
Lying to him or telling him the truth
will lead to very different consequences
with their share of happy and sad moments.
The important thing about
the choices you make in life
is how you own up to them.
I'm sure you'll rock.
Are you saying that
'cause you saw it in the future?
No, because the ultimate weapon
that saved the universe wasn't this thing.
It was what's in there.
Miraculous Chronobug!
Alya... yes.
Alya would be a great superhero.
Ah! Did it work?
Yes! It worked!
It worked!
Obviously something major
but I feel like
we're missing some information
and I can't make sense of it all.
I know.
What are you doing, Marinette?
I'm transforming the Miraculous.
First to make them prettier,
but mostly to add a few new features.
- We've got to be ready?
- We?
The new Hawk Moth is even more fearsome
than the former one, but this time
they'll have to face an entire team.
Does this mean...
I'm gonna return you all to your holders
and this time you'll stay with them.
But I thought it was dangerous
to leave us with our holders.
I was wrong, the real danger is
having you all here together.
Spreading the power
will make us stronger together.
But I'm gonna miss you,
I love you all so much.
We love you too, Guardian!
So many feelings and emotions.
It's nauseating.
- Here Plagg.
- Hm?
I'm done with this one.
You can go see your Cat Noir.
Gladly, Ladybug.
Things are way too sappy in here
for my taste.
Hm?
Well done, M'Lady.
We've... I mean you have...
I mean Gabriel Agreste has...
How did it go?
It's...
complicated.
Cat Noir...
do you know what it's like to go so far,
almost too far,
in order to protect someone you love?
You mean like sacrificing oneself?
More like, say,
keeping a huge secret,
a secret so heavy
that you really wanna share it
right this minute
because it's too much
and you feel like crying
and you just need someone to comfort you?
Yes, I'm familiar.
I should have been there!
I'm so sorry!
No, I'm the one who's sorry,
and I can't even tell you about it.
It doesn't matter,
all that matters
is that Monarch was defeated.
But I let go of the Butterfly Miraculous.
We'll get it back again,
you and me,
like old times.
Like old times.
Nooroo,
dark wings rise.
So, you really think
you can outsmart me?
Huh, Ladybug?
We'll see who finds who first.